 Explain the different storage classes in C.
What is the initial value of an uninitialized static variable in C?
What is the difference between #define and const in C, and when should each be used?
What is the difference between volatile and const in C?
What debugging tools have you used in your projects?
In your project, have you used the volatile keyword? Can you explain a scenario where you used it?
Which devices have you used in your work?
Which operating systems have you used in your projects?
Can you explain what a semaphore is?
What happens inside a semaphore when switching between threads? How does a semaphore work in this context?
What is the difference between semaphore operations with and without atomicity? Why is atomicity required?
What is baud rate in UART, and how is it configured?
How do you debug data corruption errors in UART communication?
Are there any options within the UART protocol itself to check data integrity?
What are the different wires in SPI communication, and how is SPI configured?
 How do you connect and configure one SPI master to communicate with multiple slave devices?
What are the different modes available in SPI?
If data sent over an SPI interface is not received by the other device, what steps would you take to debug and resolve the issue?
Can you explain SPI modes, specifically clock polarity (CPOL) and clock phase (CPHA)?
In I2C, how do multiple masters connect to a single slave?
Can you explain how arbitration works in I2C when multiple masters try to communicate?
Can you explain the structure of a CAN frame?
Do you have any idea about clock stretching in I2C?
Write logic to swap two numbers without using a temporary variable.
Can you swap two numbers using pointers
Write a simple logic to copy a string from source to destination using pointers
What is the output and logic of the following C code using pointers?
      int a = 10;
      int *p = &a;
      int **q = &p;
      printf("%d %d, %d", a, *p, **q);

Write C logic to swap the nibbles in each byte of a 32-bit integer.
Do you know about constant, pointer to constant, and function pointer in C?


